TUP-231: Part 1 of N to Core-UI (Fix Core-CMS / Core-Styles Mismatch) (#17)
TACC/Core-Styles: source/_imports/elements/tacc-search-bar.md

# TACC - Stylesheets - Search Bar

> The actual search bar markup (in TACC/Core-CMS) currently has a caveat (that will be resolved via [TACC/Core-CMS#101]).

Author: ```suggestion
The search bar (as implemented in TACC/Core-CMS) _currently_ has a caveat (that will be resolved via [TACC/Core-CMS#101]).
```

Certain styles need to load **before** all search bar styles and markup:

```css
:host { visibility: hidden; height: 0; }
```

Certain styles need to load **after** all search bar styles and markup:

```css
:host { visibility: visible; height: auto; }
```

This avoids [FOUC] by hiding the search bar _until_ all styles and markup are loaded.

> 
> 
> 

Author: ```suggestion

```

Author: chore(tup-231): delete excess new lines
